wait I'm not Travis so it's been a crazy
day here at LCS and it's finally over
week 5 day 2 and I'm Kelsey here with
captain flowers with coverage presented
by Omni slash so you just casted the
last two games of the day at the counter
logic gaming vs 100 thieves and then
optic vs. fly quest 2 games that were
pretty um pretty interesting I guess you
electric good do you enjoy casting those
electric games I had so much fun with
the games today like going into the
matchup all the teams there on the cusp
for playoffs right none of these teams
are at the what are the ones that are
dominating the top of the standings so
you go into it and you don't have the
fan bases for some of these teams like
you do for your TSM's or your cloud
nines right like these aren't those
teams are because I call yeah they're
going to playoffs like they're the ones
are gonna send to MSI are worlds so
you're always wondering what are these
guys gonna do to step it up what's the
next step to get them to that level to
get them to be playoff contenders and
that was a big part of even what we
talked about during the games today is
who's gonna step up right you got all
these guys hanging around in the middle
of the pack who's gonna step up and say
yo I deserve to go to playoffs and today
the close contest between those teams
just the slobberknocker as Kobe called
him that we got to see man that was so
much fun I loved it so speaking of the
standings since we're about half over
with the LCS and we're starting the
second round of the round-robin are you
personally happy with how everything is
kind of played out who's been you know
rising to the top who's been falling so
the way I look at it I actually have
people ask me all the time they're like
do you have a favorite team like who you
rootin for like I don't allowed to be on
the record about this but just secret
between you and me you know in this
conversation that I can totally
screenshot who's your favorite team and
what I always tell them is my favorite
team is gonna be the team that takes in
a to an international event and when we
come back the number one comment isn't
in a low whichever team can do that is
the team that I'm always gonna be
rooting for I want to see us be
competitive at an international level
right that's the biggest goal I think
it's so much more fun to watch the
biggest events when there's a question
as to who's gonna win it
instead of who's gonna get second place
looking at you Korea so what I want to
see is these teams continue to step up I
want to see the best teams continue to
challenge each other that's why I like
what I'm seeing right now with cloud 9
and echo fox yes the game today was
pretty one-sided but at the same time I
think both those teams are looking
really good right now I'd love to see
them continue to step up and just make
each other improve even more because
when we go to those international events
I want somebody look good so what you're
saying technically is that you think
that cloud 9 and echo Fox right now
could compete internationally and be
successful in your opinion I'm not sure
about right now I think they're on the
right path we've been seeing some great
improvements from teams so far this
split we've seen a couple teams struggle
that we expected to do better we've seen
a couple of teams echo Fox specifically
being one of those everybody memes I
swear I see cloud nines owner Jack every
single weekend he's posting some kind of
a fresh new spicy thing on Twitter about
how cloud 9 lost the offseason in
quotation marks and I love seeing that a
team that people were initially saying
oh yeah I don't I'm not so hot on this
idea right now stepping up and doing
some amazing things echo fox and cloud 9
when you looked at the initial
predictions for this year but a lot of
people were saying a lot of fans a lot
of analysts TSM and liquid were the two
teams and everybody's conversation and
right now TSM and liquid they're hanging
around the middle of the pack echo fox
and cloud 9 stepping up that didn't even
challenges TSM and liquid ok everybody
expected so much out of you it's time
for you guys to step up as well that's
what I want to see that continuing
challenge and answering of the challenge
and I think if that continues then yes
hopefully we will be competitive
eventually at an international level
feel like you could be an inspirational
speaker with half of things you're
saying I feel inspired I'm sitting here
I'm like I'm not on any of these teams
but feel like I could compete
internationally and do well so something
I want to touch on that has been more
prevalent in the meta right now is a
certain scorpion that you hold near and
dear to your heart
skarner has been played a bunch in na
are you happy to be casting these
skarner games or are you a little bit
jealous that you don't have them all to
yourself right now I'm excited I was
last year I spent all the time joking
we would always talk about like the
analyst segments and different things
like that and they would ask me is there
any sort of an analytical segment you
want to do and I would always laugh I'd
be like I'm not an analyst man I'm a
play-by-play caster but I always told
him I was like all right my little
asterisk at the end of this is if
skarner becomes meta I got you guys
content four days it's gonna happen so
as soon as skarner became meta it was
almost kind of like a joke at first
because I was like this is really
happening is this really what's gonna go
go down but we've seen him go from
literally not picked to competitive with
other pics like sejuani Jarvan whatever
- now he's first picked first banned
like he's at the top of the food chain
the biggest thing I'm worried about is
how they're gonna nerf him like cuz you
know that's coming he's incredibly
strong right now and having a lot of fun
casting him and I'm looking forward to
seeing who really impresses me with
their skarner play the most today the
golden Guardians game contracts I
thought he played it wonderfully his
decisions his itemization choices were
on point I want to see skarner's and
make me go wow that's a good skarner
that what you dream about at night
skarner is they'll make you go wow it's
not what you dream about it night I
dream about killing wolves but maybe
that's just me know if anyway if anyone
actually got the joke from there I will
be very impressed anyways so I so you
were speaking about it a little bit
earlier about how I if about the analyst
desk and I noticed that last weekend
this week we've done or you've done it a
little bit different where during pick
bans the analyst desk goes through it
instead of you guys how do you I how do
you feel about that and how have you
really adjusted to that do you like it
better so we're gonna actually through a
lot of different changes this split
considering we've now got a permanent
analyst desk roster we've got - jatt and
Mark Z on every single analyst desk to
give us a more coherent storyline
throughout the course of the entire
split you always have the same three
guys on there you can revisit
conversations you can go back and sort
of say okay we thought this then what do
we think now this is kind of a part of
that because now that we've got those
same three analysts we can say okay we
think this would be a good game for them
to sort of dip dive a little bit deeper
on what the comps are trying to
accomplish and just take a bit more
analytical approach as opposed to just
walking people through it like we do on
the cast itself it's very different I'm
all for it because I love stepping up
the game of that analyst desk I think
that there's a lot of cool stuff we
could do and we're still sort of
realizing the potential of all that
right now but if it works let's do it is
there anything that you would like to
say to your fans out there if you have
any fans if you're playing skarner in
soloqueue and you're not building a
Trinity for shame on you
that's all I got to say anyways thank
you for the interview and if you want to
see anything else eSports make sure to
subscribe to the channel hi everyone
sorry that interview was a little bit
awkward I'm still trying to get my grip
on things but I can guarantee you is
probably better than Travis's interviews
anyways thank you for watching subscribe
and thank you - omnis flash for the
sport